com.iazasoft.footguy.FootHelp
com.iazasoft.footguy.FootHelp: FootHelp()
com.iazasoft.footguy.Footguy
com.iazasoft.footguy.Footguy: Footguy()
com.iazasoft.footguy.Footguy$UpdateService
com.iazasoft.footguy.Footguy$UpdateService: Footguy$UpdateService()
com.iazasoft.footguy.Prefs
com.iazasoft.footguy.Prefs: Prefs()
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$array: int myColors
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$color: int borderColor
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$color: int terminalBkg
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$color: int text
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$color: int title
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int height1x1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int height2x1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int heightMax2x1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int marginBorder
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int width1x1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int width2x1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$dimen: int widthMax2x1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$drawable: int background
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$drawable: int border
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$drawable: int footguy_ic
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$drawable: int trasparent
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int bkgBackground
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int bkgBorder
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int btHelpOk
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int btPrefsOk
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int button
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int ckBackground
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int ckBorder
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int footguyFontSizeText
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int imageView1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int lstColor
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int scrollView1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int seekBar1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView1
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView2
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView3
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView4
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView5
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView6
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$id: int textView7
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$layout: int fgold
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$layout: int footguy
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$layout: int foothelp
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$layout: int prefs
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$string: int app_name
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$string: int author
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$string: int hello
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$string: int helper
com.iazasoft.footguy.R$xml: int footguy_info
com.iazasoft.footguy.ScreenListenerService
com.iazasoft.footguy.ScreenListenerService: ScreenListenerService()
com.iazasoft.footguy.TapService
com.iazasoft.footguy.TapService: TapService()
